I thought that only those with an abundance of mature knowledge and experience did special
metropolitan public witnessing.
I thought, I can't do it, I'm too young, still, I decided to send in the application.
I received the invitation and the mail within a month.
I suddenly felt really insecure and afraid, so I prayed to Jehovah, I can't do this yet.
I thought I wouldn't be able to participate in this type of service feeling that way.
So I prayerfully did research to find some material that would help me.
I found an article about Moses.
It was an article that stressed that even if we think we aren't able to carry out an assignment
with Jehovah's power, we can.
I also heard a talk that used Jeremiah 20 verse 7.
I was encouraged when it said, even though you might feel you can't do something.
If Jehovah gives you the power to do it, then you can do it.
Actually, Jehovah saw my potential and gave me the courage to perform this service.
Even though I thought it was beyond my ability.
I am being shown time and time again that Jehovah draws people who are sincerely interested
in the Bible to the cards.
I've even experienced helping people make a request for a Bible study using my smartphone.
Really able to grow thanks to this ministry and gain more joy from Jehovah than I ever thought possible.